Add section with example for configuring an eth2 public testnet (#135)
ConsenSys/doc.web3signer: docs/HowTo/Get-Started/Start-Web3Signer.md

    [`--network`](../../Reference/CLI/CLI-Subcommands.md#network) option must be specified, and it
    must match the network used by the Teku client.

### Public testnets

> If you are running Web3Signer eth2 mode on a public testnet then you must specify the `network` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running Web3Signer `eth2` mode on a public testnet, then you must specify the `network` option.
```

> It is important that this network matches the one you have setup for your validator client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important that this network matches the one you set up for your validator client.
```

For example, if you have [Teku set up to run on Goerli](https://docs.teku.consensys.net/en/latest/HowTo/Get-Started/Connect/Connect-To-Testnet/#sync-the-execution-layer-network)

> then you must configure Web3Signer with the Goerli network under the eth2 subcommand as in the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then you must configure Web3Signer with the Goerli network under the `eth2` subcommand, as in the example below.
```
